# CS-340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable comes down to making sure that what you're writing can be easily accessed to do a number of tasks. An example being a variable that is crucially different to different projects, instead of hardcoding a number into this variable, it would be more beneficial to make it a prameter that can be passed through to this module, script, or class in order to accomplish your goals. In this way you can reuse the module multiple times and avoid redundancy of code. Rather than rewriting the same lines multiple times in a row, it's important to identify what you would need to use multiple times and adjust said code in order to make it as a modular as possible. Make it possible to use it for as many instances as possible with the subtle changes and differences between each use case being able to be passed through to the code instead. This CRUD module was the definition of that, serving as a single and simple connection to the database that I required it to be connected to. It can even be altered so that the parameters of the database can be entered in as parameters, further exapnding it's modularity in it's ability to be used for even more use cases.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
It's a tiered step program. Starting by accessing the databse, then creating a script to use to connect with the database to remove a lot of the tedium of retyping certain types of code, to then plugging in that script into another framework to further ease the accessibility of the commands that are being used. By following this step system, it allows you to organically and naturally build the program over time, taking steps to further the program one step at a time and thus making each portion of development a smaller task than trying to create everything at once. By taking the time to complete and test each portion, you overall make the entire process easier and more effective to work on. This was a bit different from other courses in the fact that I was taken through each step, rather than told about each step. We moved along at a pace that slowly built everything up rather than being given a project and then the next week given another project. It gave a sense of taking your time step by step.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists work in a field of engineering to manipulate a computer in terms of the tasks that need to be completed and utilizing the tools given to them in order to make a method that can be  more easily understood and utilized by those who don't understand the nuances of how the computer works. It's taking the complex understandings of the computer and being able to implement and design it in such a way that it becomes easier for someone who has not studied to the degree of a computer science to be able to utilize the tools to get their own tasks done. It's working with multiple entities in order to create something that can be easily utilized to make tasks easier and to perform tasks that otherwise have no way of being performed prior to the implementation of the program.
